Deforestation is reduced through the use of this practice in sustainable agriculture. - Alley cropping

According to some estimates 39,000 gallons of water are used to produce one car.  Water is used in the automotive industry for washing, rinsing, and cooling machine parts.  From this information it is clear that water is useful to this industry because: - It is a universal solvent and has a high heat capacity

Excess nutrients in the soil will MOST LIKELY lead to all the following EXCEPT: - Bioaccumulation and biomagnification


Mineral deposits found to be rich in the element aluminium are called - Bauxite

Non-point source pollution includes all of the following EXCEPT: -Discharge of effluent through a drain from a factory

Which is the BEST alternative to using pesticides when an infestation of pests is noticed on recently imported plants? - Quarantine


Maintaining and restoring soil fertility would NOT include which of the following practices? -Pesticides


Which of the following is an example of a secondary air pollutant? -Sulphur trioxide

Which of the following statements about water pollutants is FALSE? -As the water temperature increases, the oxygen content increases

Which of the following populations would have a growth rate of zero? - b=100, d=50, i=50, e=100

Strategies for increasing the sustainable use of water include all of the following EXCEPT: - Using renewable energy to supply water

Which of the following is a non-renewable source of energy? -Nuclear energy

Which of the following is NOT a physiological effect of noise pollution on humans? - Hypotension

The following strategies may be applied as climate change mitigation measures EXCEPT: -Storing drums of water

Which of the following is NOT an effect of watershed destruction? -Decreased siltation of waterways

Which of the following does NOT contribute to municipal solid waste production? -Farms

Acid deposition can cause: Corrosion of marble, metal and stone works

Conventional tillage is associated with: Increased soil erosion

What is the main difference between tropospheric ozone and stratospheric ozone? -Stratospheric ozone protects us from harmful ultraviolet radiation while the tropospheric ozone contributes to global warming

One of the BEST ways to conserve the amount of water used by agriculture is by:  Drip irrigation

Which of the following is NOT a characteristic of aluminium? -Dull

demarcbrown01@gmail.com



